[SNC-197] add documentation for `enable_hard` (#7861)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/config-policy-management-overview.adoc

enable_rule["use_official_docker_image"]
----

> Additionally, `enable_hard` is a shorthand to enable a rule and set its enforcement level to `hard` in single statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `enable_hard` to enable a rule and set its enforcement level to `hard` in a single statement.
```
For easier reading

> Therefore, following statements are equivalent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following statements are equivalent:
```
